# msociety meeting minutes
ï·½
## Meeting Information
**Date/Time:** 29 Dec 2019, 1300hrs  
**Purpose:** Year end meetup/hangout.  
**Location:** Block 656 HDB Choa Chu Kang Cres BBQ pit
**Note Taker:** Abdul Aziz (@modulus)

---

## Attendees
- Tengku Hafidz (@tengkuhafidz)
- Ishak Haron (@ishakharon)
- Wai Min (@waimin314)
- Abdul Khaliq (@theAykay)
- Faruq (@ruqqq)
- Momo (@mohamedmod)
- Azri (From HP)
- Muhd Mirza (@muhdmirzamz)
- Budi (@budi_syahiddin)
- Sufyan (@nayfusaurus)
- Muneer (@relacsua)
- Dzakwan (@darisdzakwanhoesien)
- Arif (@arifismam)
- Azri Rahmat (@Ahcherly)
- Aziz (@modulus)

## Agenda Items

| No. | Item                             | Description                                         |
| --- | -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| 1   | Future events                    | Future plans for the group                          |
| 2   | Survey                           | Collecting data and understanding what members want |
| 3   | Goals/objectives                 | Newer members not aware of our overarching goals    |
| 4   | Issues/Suggestions               | Problems.                                           |
| 5   | Our platforms                    | We need to consolidate our comms platforms.         |
| 6   | Outreach (Internal and external) | We need to get more people involved.                |
| 7   | Any other business               |                                                     |

## Discussion Items

- Regarding (1), events we should have includes (but not limited to):
  - Lightning Talks
    - Member given 10-15 minutes to talk about their chosen topic.
    - Strict moderation and time-keeping please.
    - Problems: Students may not be keen on lightning talks.
  - Monthly sharing session
    - An online stream/broadcast by a member on particular topic.
    - Past example: Faruq and Saiful's weekly pair programming session.
  - Public projects
    - We should organise and push for side projects to assist newer members.
    - Mentor/mentee relationship between senior engineers and students.
    - Goal is to deploy products that benefit the community (?), with the added benefit of boosting CVs and gaining experience.
    - Past examples: Terawhere, MakanHero/MakanRescue
    - Future possibilities: msociety telegram bot?
  - Others:
    - Iftar
    - Hackathons
    - Workshops
- Regarding (2), problem with (1) is we don't have data on members' interests.
  - Possible survey data points include:
    - Personal motivation for joining msociety
    - Education and career background
    - Types of events/activities interested in.
- Regarding (3), newer members may not be aware of how/why msociety started back in late 2016.
  - Should remedy this somehow.
- Regarding (4), several issues and suggestions were brought up.
  - Gender imbalance.
  - Too much focus on technical software development.
  - Lack of student outreach. (Many members have graduated and started working.)
  - Decide on msociety's vision/mission
- Regarding (5), we should have a one-stop location for listing all our platforms.
  - Current comms platforms:
    - Telegram groups
    - LinkedIn group
    - Github + Gitlab(?)
    - Website
- Regarding (6),
  - Perhaps organise partner talks with NTUMS (Suggested by Dzakwan)
  - Organise events (1)
  - Internal outreach: No choice but to reach out 1 by 1.
- AOB:
  - Podcast?
  - More livestreams for coding.
  - Database of members.

## Action Items
| Done? | Item                              | Responsible       | Due Date        |
| ----- | --------------------------------- | ----------------- | --------------- |
|       | Survey                            | Aziz              | End of Jan 2020 |
|       | Plan AGM to decide on 2020 events | Probably Aziz too | End of Jan 2020 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

## Acknoledgements
Many thanks to Mirza for organising this meetup. 